Update README (#100)
ansible/galaxykit: README.md

It's intended to be a low-dependency and low-abstraction client for performing actions on a remote Automation Hub or galaxy\_ng instance.

### Prerequisites

[Ansible](https://github.com/ansible/ansible).

```pip3 install ansible```

### Installing:

> To install the latest development version, run `pip3 install ansible galaxykit` in the root of your checked-out copy of this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the latest development version, run `pip3 install -e .` in the root of your checked-out copy of this repository.
```

if you're using a local checkout, pip install -e needs to point at the package root
